okay so today i'm going to be reviewing
an unboxing apple TV so this is
basically the box that you will get your
Apple TV in mine has already been opened
and and this reviews a little bit late
so there will be some plastic coating
over the top well basically this is the
box that you will get your Apple TV they
said it looks like nice big apple logo
on apple TV on the front some
information of the barcodes on the side
there whether box opens there and that's
black and on the back just some
information there a box just slides open
like that your sleeve comes up what a
surprise designed by Apple in California
okay so that's the box on that and then
this opens like this to reveal the Apple
TV so on one side of the box you put
your Apple TV box and on the other
you've got your apple remote okay so
this just pops out like this and these
your Apple TV box okay so at the front
sensor for your remote and the light so
you know when it's on and what's up just
ella minium on the sides then on the
back you got all your ports Roy sockets
and power USB Ethernet HDMI and then
your video outputs an audio outputs and
there's also an optical audio output as
well everything you need really on the
top it's almost like a glass finish with
Apple TV logo on there again and again
on the other side it's just it's a
smooth aluminium finish and on the
bottom
and then if you can see it quite there
but there's an apple log on and this is
like a very thick foam the unit itself
is quite heavy he's quite heavy sturdy
unit which is something that you'd
expect from Apple anyway okay so just
put that to one side the other things in
the box is your power lead which when
you get yours will be all folded up
nicely and tie it up but it will still
be in there also as per usual with Apple
Calif all that little wallet with your
Apple TV documents in and there will
also be a nice little present in yours
as well choose to get one which will be
surprise surprise some apple stickers
and a ton of the box you've got your
apple remote there you go which is
exactly the same as the one that you
would get and with and with your mac or
with a universal dock for the ipod so
except the same controls i'm there again
volume up volume down skip track skip
back play and pause and menu so that's
everything that comes in the box